Update README under custom gemfile section (#928)
Shopify/vscode-ruby-lsp: README.md

gem "rubocop"
```

> [!NOTE]
>

> > Take in mind that formatters, linters and their extensions should be included in the custom gem file; you might need to add more gems than the ones shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Take in mind that formatters, linters and their extensions should be included in the custom gemfile; you might need to add more gems than the ones shown above.
```

> > e.g: If you are using rubocop, you would also need to add these gems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> e.g: If you are using rubocop extensions, you would also need to add them:
```
